docs: Add 2023-04-20 meeting notes (#426)
eslint/tsc-meetings: notes/2023/2023-04-20.md

# 2023-04-20 ESLint TSC Meeting Notes

## Transcript

> [`2023-04-20-transcript.md`](2023-04-20-transcript.md)
> ## Attending

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`2023-04-20-transcript.md`](2023-04-20-transcript.md)

## Attending
```

* Nicholas C. Zakas (@nzakas) - TSC
* Milos Djermanovic (@mdjermanovic) - TSC

@nzakas moderated, and @sam3k took notes.

## Topics

### [feat: Add suppress ignored file warnings RFC](https://github.com/eslint/rfcs/pull/90)

> **TSC Summary:** We have decided that the RFC should be changed so if the warnIgnored option of lintText() is not specified, it will default to the warnIgnored value for the FlatESLint instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Originally the RFC proposed using the value of the warnIgnored as the default for the warnIgnored option of the `lintText()` method. This was changed in a feedback round to avoid a breaking change. However, now that we're only going to implement this in `FlatESLint`, can we go back to the original version?

**Resolution:** We have decided that the RFC should be changed so if the warnIgnored option of lintText() is not specified, it will default to the warnIgnored value for the FlatESLint instance.
```
